About Truelogic
At Truelogic we are a leading provider of nearshore staff augmentation services headquartered in New York. For over two decades, we’ve been delivering top-tier technology solutions to companies of all sizes, from innovative startups to industry leaders, helping them achieve their digital transformation goals.

Our team of 600+ highly skilled tech professionals, based in Latin America, drives digital disruption by partnering with U.S. companies on their most impactful projects. Whether collaborating with Fortune 500 giants or scaling startups, we deliver results that make a difference.

By applying for this position, you’re taking the first step in joining a dynamic team that values your expertise and aspirations. We aim to align your skills with opportunities that foster exceptional career growth and success while contributing to transformative projects that shape the future.

Our Client
​This company is a technology-first creative agency that operates at the intersection of creativity and technology. They provide end-to-end solutions, including brand design, product design, content creation, digital marketing, and data analytics, to address consumer and business challenges in the evolving digital landscape


Job Summary
The Technical Project Manager ensures the successful delivery of technical projects by managing development phases, coordinating cross-functional teams, and acting as a Scrum Master. Responsibilities include project planning, Agile execution, stakeholder communication, and resource management. This role requires expertise in software development, CMS platforms, and Agile methodologies to drive seamless execution across global teams.

Responsibilities
Provide top-tier client service either directly with clients or indirectly as a key member of the client delivery team

Create Technical project plans for development, deployment, and post-launch support that integrate with existing or holistic program/project plans ● Create launch plans for internal and/or external deployment of code

Formulate inputs to post-launch support agreements including backlog management and team composition

Work with distributed Agile teams through multiple phases of the sprint.

Running standalone phases/workstreams, such as weekly status and owning any escalated issues

Working with resource management on staffing plans and allocations of the development team.

When acting as scrum master: Utilize Agile principles, values, and frameworks, including Scrum and Kanban, to facilitate delivery.

In partnership with the Product Manager and the Tech Lead, review wireframes or designs, evaluate their complexity, and plan and assign the work of the development team (breaking down tasks, creating timelines and project backlogs)

Accountable to learn and deeply understand the technical specifications for your product including frontend architecture, CMS implementation, and integrations for site search, advertising, APIs, personalization tools, localization, internationalization, analytics, etc.

Qualifications and Job Requirements
The ability to effectively communicate technical concepts with a range of audiences, including non-technical client status meetings and internal stakeholders leading daily scrums

Knowledgeable about software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle and operations

Experience with Agile principles and values, and frameworks including Scrum and Kanban

Experience with Atlassian’s suite of products including Jira and Confluence, including basic ticket writing and management, dashboards, and automation

Experience working with commonly used CMS platforms such as Contentful, Drupal, WordPress, Sanity, Optimizely, Adobe Experience Manager (AEM), and Salesforce Commerce Cloud

Experience with project management, scrum mastering, and development of Mobile (IOS, Android, Responsive Web) applications

Participated in the successful delivery and deployment of enterprise-level engineering projects (both principal engineering and ongoing maintenance and optimization engagements)

What We Offer
100% Remote Work: Enjoy the freedom to work from the location that helps you thrive. All it takes is a laptop and a reliable internet connection.

Highly Competitive USD Pay: Earn an excellent, market-leading compensation in USD, that goes beyond typical market offerings.

Paid Time Off: We value your well-being. Our paid time off policies ensure you have the chance to unwind and recharge when needed.

Work with Autonomy: Enjoy the freedom to manage your time as long as the work gets done. Focus on results, not the clock.

Work with Top American Companies: Grow your expertise working on innovative, high-impact projects with Industry-Leading U.S. Companies.

Why You’ll Like Working Here
A Culture That Values You: We prioritize well-being and work-life balance, offering engagement activities and fostering dynamic teams to ensure you thrive both personally and professionally.

Diverse, Global Network: Connect with over 600 professionals in 25+ countries, expand your network, and collaborate with a multicultural team from Latin America.

Team Up with Skilled Professionals: Join forces with senior talent. All of our team members are seasoned experts, ensuring you're working with the best in your field.